## Domain Report for January 18, 2020


### NOTE: These reports are still being developed!
There may be errors or inconsistencies in these reports-- verify sensor issues with the SOM or other monitoring tools before putting in a trouble ticket. What are displayed as sensor failures or intermittent failures may instead be transient issues in streaming data.
Please provide feedback on the reports on the [ServiceNow Blog](https://neon.service-now.com/community?id=community_blog&sys_id=9b4fbe8adbed734017ecf9041d9619be).

#### Future Improvements: 
 - The option to filter reports by system type 
 - Enhancements to detect issues based on coefficient of variation and range values are planned in the near future.

***

**KEY**:

 - [Last date working*]; applicable only to assembly/sensor fails
 - Assembly/Sensor Fail:&nbsp;&nbsp;<=5% uptime
 - Intermittent Fail:&nbsp;&nbsp;>5% & <80% uptime

***
## D10

### STER:

**ECSE profile CO2 & H2O concentration (storage)**:
 - Assembly failure at hut [2020-01-09*]

**ECSE profile sampling pump**:
 - Assembly failure at hut [2019-12-06*]
 - Assembly failure at hut, ml-1 [2019-12-06*]
 - Assembly failure at hut, ml-2 [2020-01-09*]

**Soil CO2 Concentration**:
 - Assembly failure at soil plot 3, depth 3 [2019-12-11*]

### RMNP:

**No Data Recieved at HQ**:
 - Site is on and communicating, but there is an issue in the field-to-database pipeline. 

 _*No field action required*. This issue will likely resolve on its own. If the issue persists for more than 5 days, submit a trouble ticket._
 - _LC1 is communicating (10 packets transmitted, 10 received, 0% packet loss, time 9013ms)_
 - _LC2 is communicating (10 packets transmitted, 10 received, 0% packet loss, time 9011ms)_

### CPER:

**No Data Recieved at HQ**:
 - Site is on and communicating, but there is an issue in the field-to-database pipeline. 

 _*No field action required*. This issue will likely resolve on its own. If the issue persists for more than 5 days, submit a trouble ticket._
 - _LC1 is not communicating (10 packets transmitted, 0 received, 100% packet loss, time 8999ms)_
 - _LC2 is communicating (10 packets transmitted, 10 received, 0% packet loss, time 9014ms)_

### ARIK:

_No alerts_

***
NEON fun fact: Yesterday (2020-01-18), D18 had the highest average uptime! (50%)

_To unsubscribe from these reports, please email Robert Lee at rlee@battelleecology.org. Please specify if you'd like to modify your subscription or completely unsubscribe._
