## Domain Report for February 06, 2020


### NOTE: These reports are still being developed!
There may be errors or inconsistencies in these reports-- verify sensor issues with the SOM or other monitoring tools before putting in a trouble ticket. What are displayed as sensor failures or intermittent failures may instead be transient issues in streaming data.
Please provide feedback on the reports on the [ServiceNow Blog](https://neon.service-now.com/community?id=community_blog&sys_id=9b4fbe8adbed734017ecf9041d9619be).

#### Future Improvements: 
 - The option to filter reports by system type 
 - Enhancements to detect issues based on coefficient of variation and range values are planned in the near future.

***

**KEY**:

 - [Last date working*]; applicable only to assembly/sensor fails
 - Assembly/Sensor Fail:&nbsp;&nbsp;<=5% uptime
 - Intermittent Fail:&nbsp;&nbsp;>5% & <80% uptime

***
## D11

### OAES:

**2D Wind Speed and Direction**:
 - Assembly failure at meas. level 1 [2020-01-31*]

### CLBJ:

**ECSE profile sampling pump**:
 - Intermittent assembly failure (18.7%) at hut, ml-2
 - Intermittent assembly failure (18.7%) at hut, ml-3

### BLUE:

_No alerts_

### PRIN:

**Elevation of surface water**:
 - Intermittent assembly failure (13.6%) at staff gauge

***
NEON fun fact: Yesterday (2020-02-06), NEON's coldest site was TOOL. The hottest site was DSNY.

_To unsubscribe from these reports, please email Robert Lee at rlee@battelleecology.org. Please specify if you'd like to modify your subscription or completely unsubscribe._
