## Domain Report for November 27, 2019


### NOTE: These reports are still being developed!
There may be errors or inconsistencies in these reports-- verify sensor issues with the SOM or other monitoring tools before putting in a trouble ticket. What are displayed as sensor failures or intermittent failures may instead be transient issues in streaming data.
Please provide feedback on the reports on the [ServiceNow Blog](https://neon.service-now.com/community?id=community_blog&sys_id=9b4fbe8adbed734017ecf9041d9619be).

#### Future Improvements: 
 - The option to filter reports by system type 
 - Domain Reports currently have limited logic for uptime. Enhancements to detect issues based on coefficient of variation and range values are planned in the near future.
 - Inclusion of graphs to help with diagnosing issues is also planned.

***

_* Last date working_

***
## D17

### TEAK:

**ECSE profile mass flow meter**:
 - Zero flow at hut, ml-4
 - Zero flow at hut, ml-6
 - Zero flow at hut, ml-7

**2D Wind Speed and Direction**:
 - Intermittent assembly failure (66.3%) at meas. level 1

**Soil CO2 Concentration**:
 - Assembly failure at soil plot 5, depth 2 [2019-11-15*]

### SOAP:

_No alerts_

### SJER:

_No alerts_

### BIGC:

**Site outage or communications error**:
 - Check site status with the LC SoH tool: http://10.123.20.2/

### TECR:

**Site outage or communications error**:
 - Check site status with the LC SoH tool: http://10.123.20.2/

***

_To unsubscribe from these reports, please email Robert Lee at rlee@battelleecology.org. Please specify if you'd like to modify your subscription or completely unsubscribe._
